SolidityScan result for code-sample/src/base/ERC20.sol:
#	NAME	SEVERITY	CONFIDENCE	DESCRIPTION	REMEDIATION
1.	SIGNATURE MALLEABILITY	high	1	
The function ecrecover allows you to convert a valid signature into a different valid signature without requiring knowledge of the private key. It is usually not a problem unless you use signatures to identify items or require them to be uniquely recognizable.


Therefore, depending on the function of the code, this may lead to discrepancies and faulty logic.

Not Available
2.	IMPROPER VALIDATION IN REQUIRE/ASSERT STATEMENTS	high	0	
The contract is identified as having improper validation in require or assert statements when using user-passed arguments. Specifically, if user-supplied parameters are not properly validated within these checks, it can lead to vulnerabilities where incorrect or malicious inputs are not correctly handled. This can result in unexpected behavior, security flaws, and potential exploitation by attackers.

Not Available
3.	HASH COLLISIONS WITH BYTES ARGUMENT ON ABI.ENCODEPACKED	medium	2	
Passing bytes data types into abi.encodePacked() can cause hash collisions when the byte arrays are user-controlled. The concatenation performed by abi.encodePacked() doesn't distinguish between byte array boundaries, leading to potential hash collisions.

Not Available
4.	MISSING ZERO ADDRESS VALIDATION	low	2	
The contract is found to lack proper validation for zero address inputs in critical functions, particularly where an 'address' input is expected, like during initialization or setting ownership. Failure to validate zero addresses can result in unwanted contract states, such as having critical roles or operations reference the zero address (0x0), which is universally considered an invalid and non-operational address within Ethereum, potentially leading to the loss of assets or control over the contract's functionality.

Not Available
5.	USE OF FLOATING PRAGMA	low	2	
Solidity source files indicate the versions of the compiler they can be compiled with using a pragma directive at the top of the solidity file. This can either be a floating pragma or a specific compiler version.
The contract was found to be using a floating pragma which is not considered safe as it can be compiled with all the versions described.

Not Available
6.	OUTDATED COMPILER VERSION	low	2	
Using an outdated compiler version can be problematic especially if there are publicly disclosed bugs and issues that affect the current compiler version.

Not Available
7.	VARIABLES SHOULD BE IMMUTABLE	informational	0	
Constants and Immutables should be used in their appropriate contexts.
constant should only be used for literal values written into the code. immutable variables should be used for expressions, or values calculated in, or passed into the constructor.

Not Available
8.	MISSING UNDERSCORE IN NAMING VARIABLES	informational	0	
Solidity style guide suggests using underscores as the prefix for non-external functions and state variables (private or internal) but the contract was not found to be following the same.

Not Available
9.	ABI.ENCODEPACKED MAY CAUSE COLLISION	informational	2	
The contract is found to be using abi.encodePacked(), which may lead to hash collisions when handling multiple variable-length arguments. Hash collisions occur because abi.encodePacked() concatenates all elements in order without distinguishing between different data types or their lengths. This issue is particularly concerning when the concatenated data is controlled or influenced by external users, but it can also arise internally due to repetitive patterns or complex data structures.

Not Available
10.	CONTRACT NAME SHOULD USE PASCALCASE	informational	2	
In Solidity, it's advisable to follow the established style guide, which dictates that contract names should be in PascalCase and match their respective file names. This adherence to consistent naming conventions not only enhances code readability and maintainability but also facilitates smoother collaboration among developers. By aligning with these recommendations, you make your code more accessible to others and reduce the likelihood of naming conflicts, contributing to a well-organized and efficient coding environment.

Not Available
11.	BLOCK VALUES AS A PROXY FOR TIME	informational	1	
Contracts often need access to time values to perform certain types of functionality. Values such as block.timestamp and block.number can be used to determine the current time or the time delta. However, they are not recommended for most use cases.


For block.number, as Ethereum block times are generally around 14 seconds, the delta between blocks can be predicted. The block times, on the other hand, do not remain constant and are subject to change for a number of reasons, e.g., fork reorganizations and the difficulty bomb.


Due to variable block times, block.number should not be relied on for precise calculations of time.

Not Available
12.	CHEAPER INEQUALITIES IN REQUIRE()	gas	1	
The contract was found to be performing comparisons using inequalities inside the require statement. When inside the require statements, non-strict inequalities (>=, <=) are usually costlier than strict equalities (>, <).

Lines: ["125:125"]	
It is recommended to go through the code logic, and, if possible, modify the non-strict inequalities with the strict ones to save ~3 gas as long as the logic of the code is not affected.

13.	INTERNAL FUNCTIONS NEVER USED	gas	0	
The contract declared internal functions but was not using them in any of the functions or contracts.
Since internal functions can only be called from inside the contracts, it makes no sense to have them if they are not used. This uses up gas and causes issues for auditors when understanding the contract logic.

Lines: ["183:193","195:205"]	
Having dead code in the contracts uses up unnecessary gas and increases the complexity of the overall smart contract.
It is recommended to remove the internal functions from the contracts if they are never used.

14.	AVOID ZERO-TO-ONE STORAGE WRITES	gas	2	
Writing a storage variable from zero to a non-zero value costs 22,100 gas (20,000 for the write and 2,100 for cold access), making it one of the most expensive operations. This is why patterns like OpenZeppelin’s ReentrancyGuard use 1 and 2 instead of 0 and 1—to avoid the high cost of zero-to-non-zero writes. Non-zero to non-zero updates cost only 5,000 gas.

Lines: ["58:58","60:60"]	
To mitigate this gas inefficiency, consider initializing storage variables to non-zero values during contract deployment if possible. Alternatively, design contract logic to minimize the number of times storage variables are set from zero to non-zero values. This can be achieved by setting default non-zero values where applicable or by batching storage updates to reduce the frequency of costly initializations.

15.	GAS OPTIMIZATION FOR STATE VARIABLES	gas	2	
Plus equals (+=) costs more gas than addition operator. The same thing happens with minus equals (-=).

Lines: ["77:77","99:99","196:196","184:184"]	
Consider

addition operator over plus equals
subtraction operator over minus equals
division operator over divide equals
multiplication operator over multiply equals
16.	STORAGE VARIABLE CACHING IN MEMORY	gas	0	
The contract is using the state variable multiple times in the function.

SLOADs are expensive (100 gas after the 1st one) compared to MLOAD/MSTORE (3 gas each).

Lines: ["76:88","90:110","90:110"]	
Storage variables read multiple times inside a function should instead be cached in the memory the first time (costing 1 SLOAD) and then read from this cache to avoid multiple SLOADs.

17.	OPTIMIZING ADDRESS ID MAPPING	gas	0	
Combining multiple address/ID mappings into a single mapping using a struct enhances storage efficiency, simplifies code, and reduces gas costs, resulting in a more streamlined and cost-effective smart contract design.

It saves storage slot for the mapping and depending on the circumstances and sizes of types, it can avoid a Gsset (20000 gas) per mapping combined. Reads and subsequent writes can also be cheaper when a function requires both values and they fit in the same storage slot.

Lines: ["33:33","35:35","45:45"]	
It is suggested to modify the code so that multiple mappings using the address->id parameter are combined into a struct.

18.	ABI ENCODE IS LESS EFFICIENT THAN ABI ENCODEPACKED	gas	0	
The contract is using abi.encode() in the function. In abi.encode(), all elementary types are padded to 32 bytes and dynamic arrays include their length, whereas abi.encodePacked() will only use the minimal required memory to encode the data.

Lines: ["136:136","169:169"]	
Unless explicitly needed , it is recommended to use abi.encodePacked() instead of abi.encode().

19.	AVOID RE-STORING VALUES	gas	0	
The function is found to be allowing re-storing the value in the contract's state variable even when the old value is equal to the new value. This practice results in unnecessary gas consumption due to the Gsreset operation (2900 gas), which could be avoided. If the old value and the new value are the same, not updating the storage would avoid this cost and could instead incur a Gcoldsload (2100 gas) or a Gwarmaccess (100 gas), potentially saving gas.

Lines: ["68:74","116:160"]	
To optimize gas usage, add a check to compare the old value with the new value before updating the storage. Only perform the storage update if the new value is different from the old value. This approach will prevent unnecessary storage writes and reduce gas consumption.

Scan Summary:

  Lines Analyzed: 159

  Scan Score: 70.47

  Issue Distribution: { "critical": 0, "gas": 17, "high": 3, "informational": 9, "low": 7, "medium": 1 }

For more details, go to SolidityScan.