SolidityScan result for code-sample/src/base/ERC4626.sol:
#	NAME	SEVERITY	CONFIDENCE	DESCRIPTION	REMEDIATION
1.	MISSING VALIDATIONS IN TRANSFERHELPER	medium	1	
Solmate’s libraries do not check the existence of code at the token address in the safetransfer, safetransferfrom, or safeApprove.

This may lead to loss and miscalculation of funds because if they’re called on a token address without a contract code, it will always return success, bypassing the return value check.

Not Available
2.	EVENT BASED REENTRANCY	low	1	
In a Re-entrancy attack, a malicious contract calls back into the calling contract before the first invocation of the function is finished. This may cause the different invocations of the function to interact in undesirable ways, especially in cases where the function is updating state variables after the external calls.
In the case of event-based Re-entrancy attacks, events are emitted after an external call leading to missing event calls.

Not Available
3.	USE OF FLOATING PRAGMA	low	2	
Solidity source files indicate the versions of the compiler they can be compiled with using a pragma directive at the top of the solidity file. This can either be a floating pragma or a specific compiler version.
The contract was found to be using a floating pragma which is not considered safe as it can be compiled with all the versions described.

Not Available
4.	OUTDATED COMPILER VERSION	low	2	
Using an outdated compiler version can be problematic especially if there are publicly disclosed bugs and issues that affect the current compiler version.

Not Available
5.	MISSING UNDERSCORE IN NAMING VARIABLES	informational	0	
Solidity style guide suggests using underscores as the prefix for non-external functions and state variables (private or internal) but the contract was not found to be following the same.

Not Available
6.	CONSTRUCTORS SHOULD EMIT AN EVENT	informational	1	
A constructor in a smart contract executes only once during deployment, making it crucial to log this action for transparency. Without an emitted event, tracking contract deployment becomes difficult, reducing the ability to audit and monitor contract instances.

Not Available
7.	VARIABLES SHOULD BE IMMUTABLE	informational	0	
Constants and Immutables should be used in their appropriate contexts.
constant should only be used for literal values written into the code. immutable variables should be used for expressions, or values calculated in, or passed into the constructor.

Not Available
8.	CONTRACT NAME SHOULD USE PASCALCASE	informational	2	
In Solidity, it's advisable to follow the established style guide, which dictates that contract names should be in PascalCase and match their respective file names. This adherence to consistent naming conventions not only enhances code readability and maintainability but also facilitates smoother collaboration among developers. By aligning with these recommendations, you make your code more accessible to others and reduce the likelihood of naming conflicts, contributing to a well-organized and efficient coding environment.

Not Available
9.	CACHE ADDRESS(THIS) WHEN USED MORE THAN ONCE	gas	0	
The repeated usage of address(this) within the contract could result in increased gas costs due to multiple executions of the same computation, potentially impacting efficiency and overall transaction expenses.

Lines: ["54:54","69:69"]	
Optimize gas usage by caching the value of address(this) and reusing it throughout the contract, reducing redundant computations and thereby enhancing efficiency.

Scan Summary:

  Lines Analyzed: 155

  Scan Score: 95.10

  Issue Distribution: { "critical": 0, "gas": 1, "high": 0, "informational": 7, "low": 4, "medium": 2 }

For more details, go to SolidityScan.

>
RemixAI Assistant
You
list all files
AI
Based on the provided context, the following files are referenced:



src/Registry.sol

src/base/Cellar.sol

src/base/ERC20.sol

src/modules/adaptors/BaseAdaptor.sol

src/modules/price-router/PriceRouter.sol


Additionally, the OpenZeppelin contracts are imported, but they are part of a library and not individual files in the provided context. The specific OpenZeppelin contract referenced is:



@openzeppelin/contracts/access/Ownable.sol


So, the complete list of files based on the context is:



src/Registry.sol

src/base/Cellar.sol

src/base/ERC20.sol

src/modules/adaptors/BaseAdaptor.sol

src/modules/price-router/PriceRouter.sol

You
tell about interface folder
AI
The provided context does not contain any information about an "interface" folder. The context primarily includes details about the Registry.sol contract and its associated imports and logic. If you have more specific questions about the content provided or need further assistance with the Registry.sol contract, feel free to ask!

You
explin
AI
The provided code is a Solidity library named Math that contains various mathematical utility functions. Here's a detailed explanation of each function in the library:


Functions



subMinZero


function subMinZero(uint256 x, uint256 y) internal pure returns (uint256)


Purpose: Subtracts y from x but ensures the result is not less than zero.

Parameters:

x: The minuend.

y: The subtrahend.



Returns: The result of x - y if x > y, otherwise returns 0.




changeDecimals


function changeDecimals(uint256 amount, uint8 fromDecimals, uint8 toDecimals) internal pure returns (uint256)


Purpose: Adjusts the decimal precision of an amount.

Parameters:

amount: The amount to adjust.

fromDecimals: The current number of decimals.

toDecimals: The desired number of decimals.



Returns: The amount adjusted to the new decimal precision.

Logic:

If fromDecimals equals toDecimals, return the amount as-is.

If fromDecimals is less than toDecimals, multiply the amount by 10^(toDecimals - fromDecimals).

If fromDecimals is greater than toDecimals, divide the amount by 10^(fromDecimals - toDecimals).






min


function min(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256)


Purpose: Returns the smaller of two numbers.

Parameters:

a: The first number.

b: The second number.



Returns: The smaller of a and b.




mulWadDown


function mulWadDown(uint256 x, uint256 y) internal pure returns (uint256)


Purpose: Multiplies two numbers and divides the result by WAD (1e18), rounding down.

Parameters:

x: The first number.

y: The second number.



Returns: The result of (x * y) / WAD rounded down.




mulDivDown


function mulDivDown(uint256 x, uint256 y, uint256 denominator) internal pure returns (uint256 z)


Purpose: Multiplies x by y and divides the result by denominator, rounding down.

Parameters:

x: The first number.

y: The second number.

denominator: The denominator.



Returns: The result of (x * y) / denominator rounded down.

Logic: Uses inline assembly for efficient computation and checks for division by zero and overflow.




mulDivUp


function mulDivUp(uint256 x, uint256 y, uint256 denominator) internal pure returns (uint256 z)


Purpose: Multiplies x by y and divides the result by denominator, rounding up.

Parameters:

x: The first number.

y: The second number.

denominator: The denominator.



Returns: The result of (x * y) / denominator rounded up.

Logic: Uses inline assembly for efficient computation and checks for division by zero and overflow. It adjusts the result to round up by adding 1 to the division result of (z - 1) / denominator.




Constants


WAD
uint256 public constant WAD = 1e18;


Purpose: Represents the scalar value of 1e18, commonly used in Ethereum for fixed-point arithmetic.




This library is designed to provide essential mathematical operations that are commonly needed in smart contract development, such as safe subtraction, decimal adjustment, and fixed-point arithmetic.

You
Explain the error
AI
The error message Error: not found @solmate/auth/Owned.sol indicates that the Solidity compiler cannot find the file @solmate/auth/Owned.sol. This error typically occurs when there is an import statement in your code that references a file or library that is not present in the specified path or not installed in your project.


Why the Error Occurred


Missing Dependency: The file @solmate/auth/Owned.sol is part of the Solmate library, which is not included in your project or not installed correctly.

Incorrect Import Path: The import path might be incorrect or the Solmate library might not be installed in the expected directory.

Library Not Installed: The Solmate library might not be installed at all in your project.


How to Fix the Error



Install Solmate Library:



You need to install the Solmate library in your project. You can do this by cloning the Solmate repository or adding it as a dependency using a package manager like npm or yarn.


git clone https://github.com/transmissions11/solmate.git

Or, if you are using a package manager:


npm install @solmate/solmate



Correct Import Path:



Ensure that the import path in your Solidity file is correct. If you have installed Solmate in a specific directory, you need to adjust the import path accordingly.


For example, if you have cloned the Solmate repository into a lib directory in your project, you might need to adjust the import path like this:


import { Owned } from "./lib/solmate/auth/Owned.sol";



Verify Installation:



After installing the Solmate library, verify that the file @solmate/auth/Owned.sol exists in the specified path.




Update Remappings:



If you are using a development environment like Hardhat or Foundry, you might need to update your remappings to include the Solmate library. For example, in your remappings.txt file, you might add:


@solmate/=lib/solmate/



Example Fix

Assuming you have cloned the Solmate repository into a lib directory in your project, you can update the import statement in your Solidity file as follows:


import { Owned } from "./lib/solmate/auth/Owned.sol";

Additional Steps


Clean and Rebuild: After making these changes, clean and rebuild your project to ensure that the compiler can find the newly added files.


By following these steps, you should be able to resolve the error and successfully compile your Solidity code.

AI Beta
Ask me anything, add workspace files...
Scam Alert
Initialize as git repo